bottle bottle bottle bottle
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Jimmy Kimmel Live
hello again Lauren teenyboppers it's me
Jimmy with my nightly update on
everything that's not going on we've
been holed up for I think 11 days now
and if you're anything like me you went
into this thinking well at least I'm
finally gonna get some stuff done around
the house
unfortunately my kids also wanted to
this with a thought and that thought was
you are not going to get anything done
around the house so that's how it is
I've also seen a lot of people posting
about Shakespeare and Sir Isaac Newton
came up with some of the greatest ideas
while under quarantine during the plague
that's great so far all I've discovered
is you can slide a laundry basket down
the stairs but congratulations to them
some people are getting creative in
isolation this is the kind of thing I'm
looking for over the coming weeks and
I'll explain that in a minute but first
I'd like you to watch this
you see times of crisis really do
produce great works of art that is
exactly the kind of video we're gonna
need to get us through this for those of
you who are passing time and weird and
wonderful ways like that or know of
others who are post these videos these
delightfully pointless endeavors so I
can find them with the hashtag Corrin
time killer see how we spelled that very
clever make them or find them and give
them that hashtag I'll check them out
and show my favorites here on this show
or whatever the hell this is now maybe
we'll have a prize or something I don't
know some of our thickest headed
politicians have been passing the time
by spreading nonsense about the
coronavirus people like lieutenant
governor of Texas Dan Patrick who
floated the idea that old people are
willing to go to an early grave in order
to help boost the stock market you know
tucker no one reached out to me and said
as a senior citizen are you willing to
take a chance on your survival in
exchange for keeping the America that
all America loves for your children and
grandchildren and if that's the exchange
I'm all-in and that doesn't make me
Noble or brave or anything like that no
it makes you an idiot I shouldn't say it
makes you an idiot it reveals to us that
you are an idiot
unfortunately the lieutenant governor is
an alone in this maranatha the President
of the United States also appears to be
planting the seeds for a get back to
work movement Trump had a virtual town
hall meeting on Fox News today during
which he once again defied the so-called
experts who say we're in this for a
while we're opening up this incredible
country because we have to do that I'd
love to have it open by Easter by Easter
that's in lets in two and a half weeks
even Jesus is like Jesus calm down let's
think this through we're all gonna die
so the president can eat peeps and as
daily depressed briefing yesterday Trump
directed a very pointed question to his
task force coordinator dr. Deborah
bursts that indicates to me that he is
dying for a nought
even if the audience doesn't like him I
have a question for you so we have a lot
of very angry media all around this room
and they want one of these seats but
because of social distancing we are
keeping them empty and they are keeping
them empty will there ever be a time
when all of those really angry angry
people who don't like me much to start
off with but now they really don't like
- were there ever be a time when these
seats are full like full to the brim
like it used to be with people are
almost sitting on each other's lap all
he cares about is crowd size and even
with all this a new CBS News poll shows
that more than half of Americans approve
of the job Trump's doing to combat the
virus I assume these are maybe the same
people who approved of the ending to
Thelma and Louise but I don't know
Melania Trump by the way got tested she
tested negative for kovat 19 of course
she did she's been 6 feet away from her
husband since stormy Daniels their
marriage was the inventor of social
distancing in case you're wondering what
it's like to get the coronavirus test
not that anyone can a photographer for
the Post and Courier newspaper in
Charleston South Carolina shot video of
herself getting through when these
drive-through tests and it does not look
comfortable about things like it's any
side and we're gonna go about that far
back
[Music]
that's how they should do the rose
ceremony on The Bachelor next season
they all come out of the note Rose out
of the nose you know yesterday I showed
a video of some mayors of Italian cities
really given it to their citizens about
staying home this is another good one
from Italy courtesy of an Italian priest
they set up a livestream of his mass for
worshipers at home but he didn't realize
he'd activated a filter on his snapchat
[Music]
the Father the Son and the Holy Ghost
filter the Lord works in mysterious ways
in addition to prayer one of the ways
that we've been getting through this
weird and difficult time is with music
listening to it sharing it making it and
we are very lucky to have talented
friends who are kind enough to share
their talents with us and with that said
it's time to go live now to one of our
most talented friends who is at home in
the great state of Washington please say
hello quietly by yourself to Dave
Matthews everywhere I'm always watching
you very good to see you I gotta tell
you it's good your glowing face it's
good to see you too it's uh and to be
honest it's good to see anybody really
but especially you Dave how you doing
I'm doing pretty good you know getting
used to this strange time and and
updates of our fearless leader putting
both his feet and both his hands in his
mouth and bouncing around the room like
a like a spectacular monkey fool um but
that's the nice thing about having tiny
hands you can put them and what
or else you want in your mouth all at
the same time yeah and your tiny feet
yeah I miss Pete but I've seen their as
small as his hands and as inarticulate
but all the best of it cuz we've all
heard enough wisdom from that festering
gob um I think my I've learned that that
I have an amazing family but even my
amazing family you know you know it's
not a humble home it's not you know
there are certainly bigger houses in the
world but but that that can that being
together without the possibility of
going out and getting getting in contact
with other with other friends other than
you know screens
has tested people's has tested our
patience in ways that you know ways who
do you have well I think that my the
patients that might have to deliberately
wonderful kind twin girls who have spent
almost I'd say every day of their lives
and nine months before they were born
together so they have a level of
patience that's different for most of us
but it also you know they can go from
from fighting to peace pretty quickly
but but even there even that camaraderie
has the fuse is shortened for for
everyone but we all come back thankfully
nobody has run out of the house
screaming with their heads on fire
family yeah well and I was sort of
trying to add comedy to my my daughters
who are thank goodness they're there to
help with everything
my son is doing school from home which
also has homework so the home school
he's you know he's his school's online
and great except it now is like he's
doing homework for a school school day
followed by homework which is really no
fun for him
and turns out not to be as much fun for
us either wind up going through what
grade is your son in now he's in sixth
grade which is that already it's already
a transitional you know elementary
school you're like homework is fun
because I can write in the alphabet but
then sixth grade suddenly they're like
you need you know and so it's already a
testing time of testing and on your are
your daughter's in high school right now
yeah so they're there if it's also
emotional because like a lot of like now
I think almost the whole country but
certainly Washington State
no more school for public schools and so
my daughter's you know prom this talks
about putting someone in the summer but
prom is is canceled and you know
graduate you know yeah graduation will
promise Emily
canceled but graduation you know all
those things are things that at the time
they probably like what will pop in for
a minute then we'll go out and do what
teenagers do but now it's kind of like
the rite of passage has been pulled away
from them and so they're you know it's
it's not easy it's not fair certainly
not fair will you share something with
them that I hope will help them who tell
them that I was unable to go to prom
myself when I was in high school it had
nothing to do the coronavirus he just
nobody wanted to go to the dance with
you like I'm just I'm wallowing in
self-pity here how's everything how's
everything at home
good the kids are going crazy I'm pretty
sure I just broke my toe and
everything's going great my son I hope
right before you sat down
Jim my son just broke his toes yes I
think it's a time from toe breaking -
it's a tough you know what's weirdest
about it is I was actually getting this
tic-tac-toe board game we have to play
with my daughter when I actually tic-tac
my own toe so there's a little bit of
poetic irony there as well you know I
don't know if you know this but your
song that you wrote like 20 years ago
the space between has become an anthem
for this this
people are performing it six feet apart
from each other did you know that no see
I don't I'm really out of touch and I
and even and even if I'm referenced in a
sort of in a version of mockery I'm
happy to be referenced at all makes me
feel good about myself no there's no
mockery involved as people are keeping
space between each other and and singing
your songs without even realizing that
you're contributing oh I do want to
mention you um every every night I'm
making a donation to a charity and
encouraging others to do the same you
pick the charity and I happen to love
the charity that you use selected
tonight the world central kitchen that
Jose Andres oh I know I met him at a
gathering one time but I was already a
fan of his and I'm sure you've met you
probably met him he is one of the most
amazing people and when when people are
in crisis that's the kind of person you
want to come to your aid and what
they're doing what he's doing what the
organization is doing is just they set
up in places of emergency and of course
now New York now who knows all over the
world but this this they're gonna set up
kitchens to be able to feed people to
take care of people in places that need
it and and and it's gonna be and he said
he said a great thing once you know when
when FEMA or when the federal government
is struggling to figure out how to deal
with things you know how to deal with a
catastrophe or a storm or an emergency
he says an emergency means now and that
was one of my favorites so when when our
federal government was figuring out what
to do in Puerto Rico after the storm at
the hurricane he was already in an
airplane flying down there with chefs
got on the ground
everything's is ruined and he said where
is the bakery
find me the Baker so he goes to the
Baker's is what do you need and the
Baker says well I don't have any
electricity I don't have you any water
and he goes okay but where's the where's
the generator someone says I know
someone with a generator they get a
generator
let me find me water and then they find
water and they get that they start
making bread within you know hours of
him landing in Puerto Rico they're
making bread they're cooking food
they're sending it he says he says I
found people from the US military that
were just sitting they didn't do
anything so he went to two officers in
and he found them in the hotel bar and
he said I mean helicopters I need I need
I need vehicles to get food out to
people and they said sure we're not
doing anything so he was feeding people
in need down there in Puerto Rico within
a day and that's when world central
kitchen did it in Mozambique they did it
in California with the fires they did it
not only did they feed people who lost
their homes they were feeding they were
feeding firemen they were feeding people
that were there to help because they
didn't have enough you know so he what
he does is he knows what to do what he
does his help immediately so maybe he's
a man he's a madman he's a leader and a
feeder and I hope he uses that on his
website
I've also actually seen him drink wine
from this from a small delivery system
that dripped down his face and then he
put his lip sideways like this and and
it was all over myself so the website is
wck org you can go there to help Jose
and help his efforts to help other
people and Dave you are going to help
people right now I think help us all
because we need a little bit of
entertainment and so we've established
bathroom performances music performances
from the restroom where the acoustics
are best and you're gonna you're gonna
do a cover song for us right yes so so
listen I one thing that this is given
this is given to all of us maybe not in
the perfect way this this crisis is time
and I've always since I was a teenager
wanted to learn this song and I'm a
little bit lazy but there's a lot of
course it's not that there are a lot of
complicated chords but there's a lot of
chords and they're just constantly
happening all but
and I want to learn it with them all the
time I get I get I get like half week
I'm like this is stupid and they stop
but now at lots of time and so so then I
was worried that this song is it's
there's a couple lives in it that may be
better so I also want I'm gonna sing
this song song exist on my Paul Simon
and I want to really send it to all the
people in the medical industry all the
people that all the doctors and nurses
and emergency room people that are
working now and are going to be working
friends of mine that are working like
crazy and the people that are begging us
not to ignore this because what might
happen and I just thought it'd be good
to send this is for everybody too but
and it's not the happiest song but it's
you know it's a reflective song all
right excellent
all right so head to the bathroom that
is the great thank you so much Dave I
appreciate it and and I will stall while
you get to the bathroom okay I won't be
long I won't be long and it's good I'll
see you soon Willem breaks it'll be we
will in grace I'm gonna go sit on the
toilet
alright by the way Dave I'm gonna
mention while he goes to the bathroom is
also co-written a book it's called if we
were giants it's fun to read to the kids
and read with the kids so check that out
and now without any further delay
hopefully he is in place with his cover
of the great Paul Simon's American tune
Dave Matthews in the bathroom hello to
everyone from atop this toilet bowl
[Music]
many's the time I've been mistaken many
times confused yes I love often found
for sale
and certainly misused I'm all right I'm
all right I'm just weary to my still you
don't expect to be brighter
so far away from home so far
[Music]
I don't know a soul who's not been bad
I don't have a friend who feels at ease
I don't know a dream last night
it shattered or driven to its knees
[Music]
powered it's alright it's alright for
we've lived so well so long still when I
think of the road we'll try
I was wrong cannot but I wonder what's
going on and a dream does die
[Music]
I dream that my soul grows unexpectedly
nothing back down at me smiling serenely
and a dream dies flying
hiya Bobo
good clemency Statue of Liberty saving
me to see Latinos my
when we come on a ship they call the
Mayflower we come on a ship that sailor
moon' we come in the ages most uncertain
hours and single American - yes already
forever
still tomorrow's gonna be in love
working day and try to get some rest
that's all I'm trying get some
[Music]
beautiful the great Dave Matthews from
his bathroom it's Jimmy Kimmel live in
the laboratory by the way Dave is going
to be doing a whole set from his house
on Thursday it's part of Verizon's
pay-it-forward series so check that out
check him out thank you Dave go do WC k
org to support Jose Andre and his work
feeding people thanks for watching Jimmy
as you know I'll see you tomorrow in the
meantime back to your regularly
scheduled pornography